
Advertisement
Skip to content
Skip to site index

    EnglishEspañol中文 (Chinese)

Sunday, September 23, 2018
Today’s Paper

    World
    U.S.
    Politics
    N.Y.
    Business
    Opinion
    Tech
    Science
    Health
    Sports
    Arts
    Books
    Style
    Food
    Travel
    Magazine
    T Magazine
    Real Estate
    Video

Your Weekend Briefing

Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories.
Sign Up: The Week in Good News

Here are seven great things we wrote about this week.
Got a confidential news tip?

Do you have the next big story? Share it with our journalists.
S.&P. 500
-0.04%
Dow
+0.32%
Nasdaq
-0.51%
65°F66° 58°
New York, NY
Supreme Court Nominee
Christine Blasey Ford Has Committed to Testifying Before the Senate

    Some details need to be finalized, but lawyers for Dr. Blasey said those would not impede her testifying Thursday on her accusation of sexual assault against Judge Brett M. Kavanaugh.
    The on-again, off-again talks have thrown the Supreme Court confirmation proceedings for Judge Kavanaugh, who has denied the allegations, into turmoil.

1h ago
The woman who has accused Judge Brett M. Kavanaugh, President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, of sexually assaulting her decades ago is set to testify on Thursday. Doug Mills/The New York Times
Trump Galvanized a Movement of Women, and Kavanaugh Is Testing It

The judge’s fate, and the Senate’s treatment of his accuser, have the makings of a pivot point in American politics.
Sept. 22
Kavanaugh Was Supposed to Be a Midterm Boon for the G.O.P. He’s Not Anymore.

Republican leaders in battleground states like Missouri are increasingly doubtful that candidates can wield the court nomination as a cudgel without risking repercussions.
3h ago
TRUMP ADMINISTRATION
U.S. Aims to Sharply Restrict New Green Cards for Those on Public Aid

    Immigrants who legally use public benefits like food assistance and Section 8 housing vouchers could be denied green cards under new rules.
    The proposal, aimed at keeping out people the administration deems a drain on the economy, could affect millions of poor immigrants.

Sept. 22
Talk of the 25th Amendment Underscores a Volatile Presidency

The deputy attorney general’s reported discussion last year of a mechanism to remove the president show the depths of the fractures in the team around President Trump.
Sept. 22
The deputy attorney general, Rod J. Rosenstein, suggested secretly recording Mr. Trump and discussed the 25th Amendment.
Sept. 21
The Russia Investigation
A Plot to Subvert an Election: Unraveling the Russia Story So Far

To many Americans, the intervention seemed to be a surprise attack. For Vladimir V. Putin, it was long-overdue payback.
9m ago
Illustration by Matthieu Bourel
This timeline shows how parallel threads — contacts, hacking and social media fraud — often crossed during the 2016 election.
9m ago
POLITICS
Sheldon Adelson Sees a Lot to Like in Trump’s Washington

    The casino magnate and his wife, initially skeptical of President Trump, have donated $55 million to Republican campaigns.
    Mr. Adelson enjoys a direct line to the president and used his access to push Mr. Trump to move the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem and cut Palestinian aid.

5m ago
Are You a Democratic Socialist?

Democratic socialists have been one of the breakout groups of the 2018 election season, but many voters don't know what exactly they stand for. Do you?
9m ago
Walmart, Patagonia and Lyft are making pushes to increase voter turnout in November.
9h ago
Tiny Device Is a ‘Huge Advance’ for Treatment of Severe Heart Failure

    A clip used to repair damaged heart valves sharply reduced deaths among patients with a grim prognosis.
    If the device is approved by the Food and Drug Administration as expected then insurers, including Medicare, likely will cover it.

5m ago
Doctors performed a procedure to install a device called a MitraClip, which helps repair the heart’s mitral valve, in a hospital in Aurora, Colo. Kent Nishimura/The Denver Post, via Getty Images
Your Weekend
11 of Our Best Weekend Reads

    Unraveling the Russia election plot. Puerto Rico a year after Hurricane Maria. Who is Christine Blasey Ford? We are Ranch Nation. And more.
    Have a cup of tea and read some fantastic journalism.

Sept. 22
The Week in Good News: Here are seven great things we wrote about this week.
Sept. 20
Test your knowledge of the week’s headlines with our news quiz.
9m ago
Opinion
Jennifer Weiner
Jennifer Weiner
The Patriarchy Will Always Have Its Revenge

I want to burn the frat house of America to the ground.
7h ago
Arlie Hochschild
Coders of Kentucky

A bipartisan effort to revitalize the heartland, one tech job at a time.
Sept. 21
Bill Gates and Melinda Gates
We Were Making Headway on Global Poverty. What’s About to Change?
Glenn Adamson
A Retirement Home’s Lessons in How to Keep in Touch
Ross Douthat
Ross Douthat
The Burden of Proof for Kavanaugh
Frank Bruni
Frank Bruni
Is This Man the Antidote to Donald Trump?
The Editorial Board
Coming of Age in American Detention
Michelle Alexander
Michelle Alexander
We Are Not the Resistance
Just Don’t Call It Privacy
John Kaag
Nietzsche Made Me Do It
Henry Nicholls
Let Teenagers Sleep In
Editors’ Picks
Listen to Some of the Best Sounds From All Over the World

The roar of Iceland’s Dettifoss waterfall. Endless echoes in a mausoleum in India. The sounds of lava snaking its way from Kilauea in Hawaii. Listen to the world in the magazine’s Fall Voyages Issue.
Magazine55m ago
Saltmarsh Sparrows Fight to Keep Their Heads Above Water

Rising sea levels are bringing nest-flooding tides that threaten to push the birds that breed in coastal marshes along the Atlantic Coast to extinction.
ScienceSept. 18
The College Recruit and the Downfall of a Hall of Fame Coach

Should a high school star be prevented from playing college basketball because his father was accused of taking a bribe?
MagazineSept. 18
Advertisement
In Other News
Those Who Can’t Forget

Portraits of nine families whose lives are tied to Arlington National Cemetery’s Section 60, the final resting place of the loved ones they lost to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Magazine12m ago
Did Jan Fabre, Known for Pushing Boundaries, Go Too Far With His Dancers?

Mr. Fabre, an international figure in the arts, is accused by several women of harassment and bullying, and Belgium is investigating.
Dance2h ago
By Bridge and Bullet Train, Hong Kong Is Bound Tighter to China

Multibillion-dollar projects will speed connections between the former British colony and mainland China. Some think they have more to do with politics than economic concerns.
Asia PacificSept. 22
The Coach Says He’s ‘Built for Football.’ His Parents Worry About C.T.E.

Parents reflect on the pressure and desire they feel to enroll their boys in tackle football, despite the risk of brain injury.
Reader CenterSept. 22
Tiger Woods, who has not won a tournament since 2013, is leading at the Tour Championship. Follow our live updates.
Assault survivors are sharing their stories with the hashtag #WhyIDidntReport in response to a tweet by President Trump.
Six siblings of a Republican congressman, alarmed by his views, endorsed his opponent in campaign ads.
Reports cast doubt on the past ownership of a stovepipe hat at the Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library and Museum.
New York City officials are scrambling to prepare for a human rights group’s mass bailout of Rikers Island prisoners.
Advertisement
Smarter Living
How to Cook in Your Dorm Room or First Apartment
Smarter LivingSept. 11
Finding Gear for Teenagers to Try Out Hobbies
FamilySept. 12
How to Be Better at Parties
Smarter LivingSept. 13
You Need a Raise. How Do You Start the Conversation?
Smarter LivingAug. 29
We’re All Afraid to Talk About Money. Here’s How to Break the Taboo.
Smarter LivingAug. 29
Features
Stephen Hiltner/The New York Times
For Hackers, Anonymity Was Once Critical. That’s Changing.

At Defcon, one of the world’s largest hacking conferences, new pressures are reshaping the community’s attitudes toward privacy and anonymity.
Technology1h ago
Sunday Book Review: Airborne

In “Washington Black,” an enslaved boy and his master’s brother flee a plantation in a flying contraption and forge an unlikely bond.
3h ago
The Beloved Drugstore Where Local Artists Get a Discount

Thompson Chemists has served a loyal clientele in Manhattan for 25 years, becoming much more than a pharmacy.
T MagazineSept. 18
Let It Flow! #PantsuitNation is Now Caftan Country

Hillary Clinton, Beyoncé and Chrissy Teigen are among those throwing on what is, essentially, a sexy garbage bag. What could be more liberating?
StyleSept. 18
Review: Edie Falco Stars as the Soul of an Old Machine

Albany politics in 1977 may not seem scintillating. But in “The True,” Ms. Falco brings out the drama of an ambitious woman in a man’s world, our critic writes.
TheaterSept. 20
Advertisement
Discovery
Syed Tasfiq Mahmood
With Climate Change No Longer in the Future, Adaptation Speeds Up

For years, experts debated whether to prioritize stopping climate change or adjusting to it. A new normal has spurred a scramble to adapt.
ClimateSept. 21
A Rise in Murder? Let’s Talk About the Weather

The correlation between heat and crime suggests the need for more research on shootings in American cities.
The Upshot8h ago
‘Latent’ Tuberculosis? It’s Not That Common, Experts Find

Active infections kill 4,000 people a day. But the notion that a quarter of the population harbors silent tuberculosis is “a fundamental misunderstanding,” one doctor said.
HealthSept. 20
Faster. Slower. How We Walk Depends on Who We Walk With, and Where We Live.

Men tend to walk differently with other men than with women. And Americans walk faster with children, whereas Ugandans move more leisurely.
Move9h ago
Most Popular
Rosenstein Suggested Secretly Recording Trump and Discussed 25th Amendment

In the turbulent days after the firing of James B. Comey, the deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein appeared conflicted about his role and wanted to expose administration dysfunction, people around him said.
PoliticsSept. 21
A Plot to Subvert an Election: Unraveling the Russia Story So Far

To many Americans, the intervention seemed to be a surprise attack. For Vladimir V. Putin, it was long-overdue payback.
Politics10m ago
Debunking 5 Viral Rumors About Christine Blasey Ford, Kavanaugh’s Accuser

Dr. Blasey has been the target of widespread social media disinformation since she came forward with accusations of sexual assault against Judge Brett M. Kavanaugh, the Supreme Court nominee.
PoliticsSept. 20
Kavanaugh and His Accuser Will Both Testify Monday

President Trump’s counselor said that she had spoken with Mr. Trump and senators and that the woman who accused a Supreme Court nominee of sexual assault “will be heard.”
PoliticsSept. 18
Play
The Daily Mini Crossword

Take a break from the news. Solve this bite-sized puzzle in just a few minutes.
The Daily Crossword and More

Try a full-size crossword puzzle edited by Will Shortz. Plus for a limited time, try our new diversion: Spelling Bee, an addictive anagramming game.
Advertisement

We’d like your thoughts on the New York Times home page experience.
Let us know what you think
Site Index
news

    home page
    world
    U.S.
    politics
    New York
    business
    tech
    science
    sports
    obituaries
    today's paper
    corrections

opinion

    today's opinion
    op-ed columnists
    editorials
    op-ed Contributors
    letters
    sunday review
    video: opinion

arts

    today's arts
    art & design
    books
    dance
    movies
    music
    television
    theater
    video: arts

living

    automobiles
    crossword
    food
    education
    fashion & style
    health
    jobs
    magazine
    real estate
    t magazine
    travel
    weddings

more

    Reader Center
    tools & services
    N.Y.C. events guide
    multimedia
    photography
    video
    NYT store
    times journeys
    manage my account

Subscribe

    home delivery
    digital subscriptions
    Crossword
    Cooking

    email newsletters
    corporate subscriptions
    education rate

    mobile applications
    replica edition

Site Information Navigation

    © 2018 The New York Times Company

    Contact UsWork with usAdvertiseYour Ad ChoicesPrivacyTerms of ServiceTerms of SaleSite MapHelpSubscriptions


