


    Sections

    Politics
    Opinions
    Sports
    Local
    National
    World
    Business
    Tech
    Lifestyle
    Entertainment
    Video
    Jobs
    Classifieds
    WP BrandStudio

The Washington Post

    Try 1 month for $1
    Sign In

September 23, 2018
The Washington Post
Democracy Dies in Darkness

    Edition:U.S. & World|Regional

    In the NewsKristina RuehliPaul Gosar'One pass'Fox NewsDr. FordTed CruzJim KnoblachPatrick MahomesMattress killingJames BondNick SabanRob Gronkowski

Kavanaugh accuser will testify Thursday in front of Senate Judiciary Committee
The deal comes after days of intense negotiations in which Christine Blasey Ford’s lawyers sought to push back a hearing initially scheduled for Monday into accusations that she was sexually assaulted by Supreme Court nominee Brett M. Kavanaugh when they were teenagers.

    By Karoun Demirjian and Emma Brown

The party of men: Kavanaugh fight risks worsening the GOP’s gender problem
The moment shows the gulf that has emerged between the parties as they navigate America’s cultural reckoning on sexual assault.

    By Philip Rucker, Ashley Parker and Robert Costa

‘Incredibly frustrated’: Inside the GOP effort to help Kavanaugh survive allegation
For Nikki Haley, a lower profile as Trump heads back to the U.N.
When President Trump appears at the annual United Nations gathering this week, Haley will still be a central figure. But her role narrowed as aides with more nationalist agendas gained favor.

    By Anne Gearan and John Hudson

Zou Rui, 25, is an engineer working in e-commerce giant JD.com's highly automated warehouse near Shanghai. (Yuyang Liu for The Post)
Zou Rui, 25, is an engineer working in e-commerce giant JD.com's highly automated warehouse near Shanghai. (Yuyang Liu for The Post)
He’s one of the only humans at work — and he loves it
Zou Rui is one of four babysitters who oversee hundreds of robots that pack roughly 200,000 boxes each day inside a warehouse the size of seven football fields. Analysts say it’s a peek at the future of manual work in China and beyond — a place where a chosen few tend to the machines, while most workers have been rendered obsolete.

    By Danielle Paquette

Trump holds his fire as advisers urge him not to dismiss Rosenstein
The president has long wanted to get rid of the deputy attorney general, but aides say recent revelations in Justice Department memos should be held in reserve.

    By Devlin Barrett, Robert Costa and Josh Dawsey

    The Fix: 4 things we need to know about the Rod Rosenstein bombshell

subscribe
The story must be told.
Your subscription supports journalism that matters.
Try 1 month for $1
Opinions
I went to an elite prep school like Kavanaugh's. Here's what I saw.

    By Greg Jaffe

If Republicans don’t get answers, Democrats will in 2019

    By Jennifer Rubin

I helped write a speech defending a vote for Clarence Thomas. I regret it still.

    By Stephen Rodrick

Kavanaugh’s Senate hearing isn’t a trial. The standard isn’t ‘reasonable doubt.’

    By Caprice Roberts

In 2006, she reported her rape. Her hometown turned against her. What do we owe her?

    By Elizabeth Bruenig

Trump sees ‘tremendous progress’ on the Koreas where none exists

    Editorial Board

More Top Stories
Japan’s Abe finds himself on sidelines amid outreach with North Korea
Shinzo Abe championed the issue of Japanese citizens abducted by North Korea. Now he finds himself boxed in.

    By Simon Denyer

Women don’t just face a gender pay gap. They also suffer from a stock options gap.
New research suggests the gender pay gap extends to a common form of non-traditional compensation, particularly in the tech industry.

    By Brian Fung

The ‘bride price’ in China keeps rising. Some villages want to put a cap on it.
The custom has been around for centuries, but costs are swelling as the country copes with one of the biggest demographic imbalances in history.

    By Amanda Erickson

NFL Week 3
Redskins take a 28-10 lead over Packers into halftime
After being limited to three field goals in last week’s loss to Indianapolis, Washington’s offense will look to rebound at home against Green Bay. 

    By Scott Allen

    Perspective: The Redskins were good; then, they were bad. And recent history makes it all feel bigger.
    Carson Wentz set to make return, while Ryan Fitzpatrick tries to stay hot

NFL:
Redskins at Packers
Green Bay
Packers
10-28
End of 2nd quarter
Washington
Redskins
Game Details
The town that gave the world Spam is proud to be ‘autism-friendly’
Ten years ago, Austin, Minn., became one of the first towns to launch a community-wide effort to reduce the disorder’s stigma and make businesses aware of the needs of autistic customers.

    By Amy Ellis Nutt

POST DOCS
The Best of The Post’s Video Journalism
Fired and Rehired
(The Washington Post)
Here’s how an officer fired for killing an unarmed man got his job back
Fired from the Miami Police Department, here is how one officer out of hundreds nationwide won their jobs back over the objections of the police chief.

    By Dalton Bennett

A Newspaper for Healing
Parkland students report on the shooting they survived and the classmates they lost
A Toxic Town, a Search for Answers
This town says it’s dying of cancer. Can one doctor help them get out?
WATCH MORE VIDEOS
A text. A death. And a police officer left unwanted by a city that once praised him.
Explore a full playlist of Post documentary video
WEEKEND PICKS
Retropod
Podcast
(AP)
(AP)
Winnie and Nelson Mandela’s marriage survived prison but not freedom
Their 38-year marriage endured his incarceration and hers.

    By Michael S. Rosenwald

4:54
0:00 / 
Voraciously
Ten fruits and vegetables you’re storing wrong
Solo-ish
How do you grieve the death of a not-quite boyfriend?
Food
6 ideas for curbing our obesity epidemic
Visual Stories
(Goncalo Fonseca)In Sight
(Goncalo Fonseca)
For some women in China, ‘love markets’ are the last resort to find a husband
((c) 2018, The Washington Post, Inc.)Graphic
((c) 2018, The Washington Post, Inc.)
A mystery dinosaur in the basement
(Ann Gerhart and Danielle Rindler/Post)Graphic
(Ann Gerhart and Danielle Rindler/Post)
How #MeToo has changed the D.C. power structure - so far
(Tom Toles/Post)Visual Story
(Tom Toles/Post)
Opinion | Cartoons: The GOP is indulging in some rough-elephant play
(Sarah L. Voisin/The Post)Story
(Sarah L. Voisin/The Post)
‘Water is everything.’ But for many in Puerto Rico, it is still scarce.
(Getty Images, EPA-EFE/Shutterstock, Matt McClain/The Post)Photos
(Getty Images, EPA-EFE/Shutterstock, Matt McClain/The Post)
Here are 18 of the week’s best photos
Video
1:21
(Jorge Ribas, Ashleigh Joplin/The Washington Post)
'I'm just going to move': North Carolina residents assess their flooded homes
UP NEXT
Man told police that slaying of black man was ‘practice’ for race attack
Play Video0:49
Chevy Chase: 'I'm proud to be who I am'
Play Video7:54
Who is K-pop supergroup BTS, and why are they giving a speech at the U.N.?
Play Video2:33
Most Read

    1
    Kavanaugh accuser will testify Thursday in front of Senate Judiciary Committee
    2
    Kavanaugh accuser Christine Blasey Ford moved 3,000 miles to reinvent her life. It wasn’t far enough.
    3
    Opinion Ford runs circles around hapless Republicans, who now have a second scandal
    4
    ‘Incredibly frustrated’: Inside the GOP effort to save Kavanaugh amid assault allegation
    5
    The party of men: Kavanaugh fight risks worsening the Trump GOP’s gender problem

Today’s Paper

    Today's print stories
    View e-Replica edition

Today's paper
Market Watch
Dow 26,743.5
Today 0.32%
S&P 2,929.67
Today 0.04%
NASDAQ 7,986.95
Today 0.51%
Last Updated:09/21/2018
Stories from The Lily
The Lily, a publication of The Washington Post, elevates stories about women.
Perspective
What would you do if you found a knife on the ground? The answer is a reflection of privilege.
Perspective
These clinics used to provide abortions. Now they are owned by antiabortion activists.
These shows objectify women. Yet we still press play.
Weekly schedule, past shows
Share news tips with us confidentially

Do you have information the public should know? Here are some ways you can securely send information and documents to Post journalists.

Learn more
Diversions
Comics EggzCrosswords HoroscopesMah JonggSolitaireSudokuTV listings
From Our Advertisers

    Content from Siemens
    Electric vehicles could put the U.S. in the fast lane
    Content from MGM
    Why concert goers love this D.C. venue
    Content from Qualcomm
    The missing piece to America's smart city revolution

Politics

    Minnesota legislator quits race after daughter says he molested her
    Analysis
    Showtime’s ‘The Circus’ is fast food — tasty if not always nourishingChristine Blasey Ford moves closer to deal with Senate Republicans to testify against KavanaughTrump administration seeks to limit access to visas or residency for immigrants who use or are likely to use public assistance

World

    Turkey faces perilous mission in northern Syria — and possible disaster if it fails
    India launches ‘Modicare,’ the world’s biggest government health program
    Analysis
    After attack in Iran, the U.S. offers a muted responseGunmen kill at least 2 dozen in attack on military parade in Iran

National

    Even as the U.S. grows more diverse, the medical profession is slow to follow
    Men who allegedly shot neighbor in mattress dispute arrested — again — after video surfacesMan accused of kidnapping woman and masturbating on her given ‘one pass,’ won’t go to prisonDam breach sends toxic coal ash flowing into a major North Carolina river

PostEverything

    Perspective
    I directed White House nominations. Of course the FBI can check Kavanaugh again.
    Perspective
    I saw Florence sending millions of gallons of animal feces flooding across North Carolina.
    Perspective
    I know why Christine Blasey Ford didn’t come forward earlier. I didn’t, either.
    Perspective
    If Kavanaugh attacked Ford, what he’s done since doesn’t wipe the slate clean

Local

    Perspective
    He was 8 and suicidal, and suddenly six cops were in his living room
    D.C.-area forecast: Rainy and cool through tomorrow, warmer and still unsettled into midweekRedskins vs. Packers weather forecast: Rainy, cloudy and coolNationals vs. Mets weather forecast: Cool and wet

Sports

    Analysis
    College football winners and losers Week 4: Stanford rallies and leaves Oregon dazed and confused
    NFL Week 3: Patrick Mahomes sizzles, Carson Wentz returns with TD, Bills lead VikingsChristian Pulisic was among several Americans abroad to score this weekendSteelers reportedly are listening to trade offers for holdout Le’Veon Bell

Lifestyle

    You don’t need to knead if you want to bake a great bread
    From local bottles to screw caps, a decade of wine trendsThese are the 5 recipes our readers loved most this week
    Perspective
    Carolyn Hax: As sisters clash over emotional support, Mom needs to step away

Arts

    Perspective
    The night I danced with Arthur Mitchell at the White House
    Review
    Motherhood isn’t all it’s cracked up to be in ‘Pramkicker’
    Review
    Putin for laughs and a random shooting for tears in two topical shows
    Review
    ‘Dear Evan Hansen’ writer Levenson’s new epic probes Jewish identity

Technology

    Former Google chief predicts the Internet will split by 2028: A Chinese Web and an American one
    White House distances itself from reports that Trump could target Facebook, Google and Twitter with a new executive orderPayPal bans Alex Jones, saying Infowars 'promoted hate or discriminatory intolerance’
    Perspective
    The new iPhone is in stores. Here are 5 reasons to wait before buying one.

Business & Real Estate

    Comcast Muscles Fox Aside With $39 Billion Offer for Sky
    Perspective
    An ideal niche product for baseball fans who want to put their heads togetherChina cancels trade talks with U.S. as new Trump tariffs loomAmazon’s Alexa is coming for your microwave, wall clock and more

Federal Government

    Perspective
    Private tax collection, raising much less than expected, hit again
    Perspective
    Report: Federal prisons fail to provide adequate services for female inmatesPolitical nonprofits must now name many of their donors under federal court ruling after Supreme Court declines to interveneTSP ‘lifecycle’ funds to tilt more toward stocks

Obituaries

    Mel Elfin, a top editor at Newsweek and U.S. News, dies at 89
    Robert Venturi, postmodern architect who argued ‘Less is a bore,’ dies at 93C. Payne Lucas, leader of relief efforts across Africa, dies at 85Jon Burge, alleged ringleader of police torture in Chicago, dies at 70

washingtonpost.com © 1996-2018 The Washington Post
Subscribe
Sign In

Terms of Use

    Policies and Standards
    Digital Products Terms of Sale
    Print Products Terms of Sale
    Terms of Service
    Privacy Policy
    Submissions and Discussion Policy
    RSS Terms of Service
    Ad Choices

Get Us

    Home Delivery
    Digital Subscription
    Gift Subscriptions
    Mobile & Apps
    Newsletters & Alerts
    Washington Post Live
    Reprints & Permissions
    Post Store
    Photo Store
    e-Replica

Contact Us

    Help & Contact Info
    Reader Representative
    Advertise
    News Service & Syndicate

About Us

    In the Community
    Careers
    PostPoints
    Newspaper in Education
    Today's Paper
    WP BrandStudio
    Events


